[DOCS-1935] Correct details about sampling in full fidelity line plots (#2241)
wandb/docs: models/app/features/panels/line-plot/sampling.mdx

## Full fidelity

When you use full fidelity mode, W&B breaks the x-axis into dynamic buckets based on the number of data points. It calculates the minimum and maximum values within each bucket (used for optional shading) and uses the last value in each bucket to draw the line.

There are three main advantages to using full fidelity mode for point aggregation:

* Preserve extreme values and spikes: retain extreme values and spikes in your data
* Configure how minimum and maximum points render: use the W&B App to interactively decide whether you want to show extreme (min/max) values as a shaded area.

> * Explore your data without losing data fidelity: W&B recalculates x-axis bucket sizes when you zoom into specific data points. This helps ensure that you can explore your data without losing accuracy. Caching is used to store previously computed aggregations to help reduce loading times which is particularly useful if you are navigating through large datasets.

Author: ```suggestion
* Preserve extreme values and spikes: retain extreme values and spikes in your data.
* Configure how minimum and maximum points render: use the W&B App to interactively decide whether you want to show extreme (min/max) values as a shaded area.
* Explore your data without losing data fidelity: W&B recalculates x-axis bucket sizes when you zoom into specific data points. This helps ensure that you can explore your data without losing accuracy. Caching is used to store previously computed aggregations to help reduce loading times which is particularly useful if you are navigating through large datasets.
```

### Explore your data without losing data fidelity

Analyze specific regions of the dataset without missing critical points like extreme values or spikes. When you zoom in on a line plot, W&B adjusts the bucket sizes used to calculate the minimum, maximum, and last value within each bucket.

<Frame>
    <img src="/images/app_ui/zoom_in.gif" alt="Plot zoom functionality"  />
</Frame>

> W&B dynamically divides the x-axis into 1000 buckets by default. For each bucket, W&B calculates the following values:

Reviewer: Caveat: we use "dynamic binning" now. This basically means that we selectively reduce the number of points we show per line as either (a) the chart dimensions get smaller or (b) the max number of runs get larger. 

I think we should get away from making any strong claim about the number of points per line in full fidelity since this is going to be a moving target as the overwhelming demand from customers is "more lines" and not "more points" at the moment.

Author: PTAL at the updated content. :)

- **Full fidelity (grouping and expressions)**: Similar to non-windowed sampling, but fetches up to 500 points per run to balance performance and detail.
</Note>

## Random sampling

> Random sampling uses 1500 randomly sampled points to render line plots. Random sampling is useful for performance reasons when you have a large number of data points.

Reviewer: At this point I don't think there's any strong difference in perf between sampling and full fidelity. We just haven't killed sampling yet. It might be worth noting that because sampling drops points it might make it hard to spot outliers or spikes. We recommend full fidelity for this reason.

> Random sampling uses 1500 randomly sampled points to render line plots. Random sampling is useful for performance reasons when you have a large number of data points.

Author: ```suggestion
Random sampling uses 1500 randomly sampled points to render line plots. Because sampling drops points, it make spotting outliers or spikes more difficult.
```
